OCPBUGS-45026: Add note on NM behavior with additional networks (#87967)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-osp-deploy-dualstack.adoc

----

After you create and edit the file, reboot the installation host.
====

[NOTE]
====

> The `ip=dhcp,dhcp6` kernel argument, which is set on all of the nodes, results in a Network Manager connection profile that is activated on multiple interfaces simultaneously.
> Because of this behavior, any additional network will have the same connection enforced with an identical UUID. If you need an interface-specific configuration, create a new connection profile for that interface so that the default connection is no longer enforced on it.

Reviewer: Adding "single" per @mkowalski 

```suggestion
The `ip=dhcp,dhcp6` kernel argument, which is set on all of the nodes, results in a single Network Manager connection profile that is activated on multiple interfaces simultaneously.
Because of this behavior, any additional network will have the same connection enforced with an identical UUID. If you need an interface-specific configuration, create a new connection profile for that interface so that the default connection is no longer enforced on it.
```

I'm seeing NetworkManager and `NetworkManager` used in the docs. "Network Manager" doesn't work with any of our conventions, as I think about it, as the official name is "NetworkManager". Going with the non-backticked version for now, as the name truly seems to be that.

> Because of this behavior, any additional network will have the same connection enforced with an identical UUID. If you need an interface-specific configuration, create a new connection profile for that interface so that the default connection is no longer enforced on it.

Reviewer 2: For some reason, we don't like the word _will_.

```suggestion
Because of this behavior, any additional network has the same connection enforced with an identical UUID. If you need an interface-specific configuration, create a new connection profile for that interface so that the default connection is no longer enforced on it.
```

----

After you create and edit the file, reboot the installation host.
====

[NOTE]
====

> The `ip=dhcp,dhcp6` kernel argument, which is set to all the nodes, generates a Network Manager connection profile that is activated on multiple interfaces simultaneously.

Reviewer: "set to" or "set for"?

Author: I think it's set to

Reviewer 3: Please add "results in a single NetworkManager connection profile" because "single" is the main culprit here and why this doc page is written

> This means that any additional network would have the same connection enforced with the same UUID. If an interface specific configuration is desired, a new connection profile
> should be created to the needed interface, which will make the interface to be pulled out of the default connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
Because of this behavior, any additional network will have the same connection enforced with an identical UUID. If you need an interface-specific configuration, create a new connection profile for that interface so that the interface is pulled out of the default connection. 
```
Not 100% on the meaning here--what are other terms you might use in place of "pulled out"?

Author: stop having the default connection being enforced on it
